In previous cases, our tutorial, we have seen that how we created them basically gameplay.
So a lot of our gameplay holds is basically it's going to hold all the game components.
So what is the game components are basically I'm considering as a breaking ball game.
So let me show you basically what our components, so our components are not really complex things.
Here it is.
These are just some of the things here.
So let me show you.
So there will be some bricks as I'm showing you.
Like, these are the bricks or what you can do is, Oh.
So let us consider these are some bricks in our game like these, these are in will be in order always.
And let us consider this is the window of the game now.
There will be one platform.
In our game, which is going to move, so we're just going to move by user, we do basically live to
right on you, not OK, we're done.
It's going to move from left to right.
So let me give one color to it seems like these are the.
And these are all things that will be green in color as I'm chewing and.
Not all these things, these will be the on.
So these are the some breaks consider as these are in the order or neutering, it's not an order at
all.
But consider these are in order only and these will be the bricks.
So now what will happen when you re starting are going to play?
There is there will be one.
Mall, you can say this is the ball which is going to move like from here and it will push this part,
then the mall will be touched here.
What happens that brick will be disappeared?
That beak will disappear, so this is the brick, and it will disappear when it's going to move like
that and or.
Like this, it will be disappearing.
But remember, Ball will be remains.
It will be in the same position that one will be bouncier and it will act like that.
So what are our mountain conditions?
These are our balancing constraints, mounting, going to see these and this platform also.
But below this platform, there is no balancing constraints.
So let us score something here, which is basically our quoting park.
Now, this is my map generator, as I told you, oh, I'm going to create my generator later, but this
is the gameplay which I've already configured in the previous two drill hole.
You can set up, I told you this four.
This is for parallel.
This is for ball now.
After the ball and everything, I need to give one thing, which is when you are going to win the game.
Did we mention when you win game, when you are going to win a game, what you are going to do?
Winningham is basically the total number of bricks in that window.
It's zero, so in our condition is I'm going to mention total bricks or you can do any other variable
here.
I'm going to build bricks.
Which is going to be zero.
You get less than or equal to zero.
No.
Let me tell you why it should be less than or equal to zero.
Sometimes that look, I'm going to reiterate, it's going to be a minus.
And what is the exact minus thing is less than zero, so we're going to win that game.
Our user is going to win that game player is going to win that game if the number of breaks in the fall,
Lupita, depending on your game play.
So if it's less than zero, it will not appear on our gameplay window.
But at the back for the calculation, there is maybe conditionally less than zero, so do not give proper
meaning conditions or for such things to avoid.
And I'm a little I'm giving less than zero.
No, lately I already created.
If you closely look at your play, this is your priority, which is false.
But at the starting it is false.
But now, after winning everything, it should be always false again.
So why false is a condition of playing after winning game?
False condition should be appear.
It should not be true always after winning game that Windows should be free and your win or User1 title
should became theirs.
Or for that purpose, I'm giving this.
No, let me mention my addiction either to new direction or zero, because Bold Directory is should
be zero, just like the greedy part of greed part of our game, so it should be zero zero.
No.
Did not said I'm going to use your.
Which is a very popular method.
Cologne, not let me mention that you're only giving clarity.
Then I need to search phone for text theoretically should want.
Oh, it's not giving me OK.
On.
OK, I got a mental now in this.
I need to mention new font because I'm giving new font.
Again, I'm mentioning one family series, which is commonly used, and it's open source for family
then.
Font, not bold, I'm getting mentioned as bold.
And let me tell you why I'm mentioning board because it should be in bold form and the site should mean
30.
I guess that's enough or sitting right in.
No, you're not.
Oh, drawstring, now that drawstring is basically it's going to draw that part, which is basically
displaying that part in N.W.T..
So its graphics fruity.
There is no need to mention these all these things because I got a job.
I will take care of that prostitutes and everything.
So just mention this and let me introduce you one.
You went as a message that after winning the game and all 60 x coordinate and.
Three hundred, I think it's enough if you graphics designer, you will understand more than this.
Let me tell you, in short also, you can understand this so.
Let me do one thing here.
Let me play around these parts.
OK, so let me clear on this fact.
So when you are in the map generator, you win.
This is my window.
But in the actual part, what happens on there are great lines and each green lengths.
So this is a vertical grid lens you can assume.
Always remember, these are always straight lines.
Not as I'm drawing always.
These are the straight lines.
And there are some horizontal lines also like this in a grid.
So there are many horizontal lines and each are adding some meaningful names.
So this is the hour excluding it, and this will be a little like ordinary.
So I split over Matrix.
This is X, and this will be in the gameplay.
And what happens?
Actually, there are two minute things.
So when I mentioned this or two, 16, it means from top to bottom edge, the number of 260.
And from Michael to be there.
And number of three hundred, so it will appear something in the media, so that's something that constraint,
you can see it.
Sixty two, three and four x 14 to wise three and needed basically like top of something miles.
So you can assume like that.
Now I need to again mention the color.
For one simple thing, we do basically all our school, which I am going to because you want and your
school, so for that purpose, I'm using color.
And again, I'm putting as only.
So now you can argue that it's giving me the.
That five is book, which is basically, again, your and everything.
Oh no, you're not sick.
I need to mention again and font.
So what are you going to do it?
I'm copying this test because I'm going to say that font again, but.
It seems but less safe.
And what I'm going to say is basically get drawstring.
Again, I'm going to mention drawstring, oh, this is not at all what I'm telling you.
The graphics fleet's older method of doing in IWD, which is a Java swing.
No, it's not required.
Press.
Entered.
To.
Restart the game, restart the game, and now I need to mention the coordinates again.
No, I'm moving little bit downwards, as you can see, persistent going downward with three 50.
It's enough, I guess.
OK, so this is the winning condition of my game.
But what will happen if my know I lose a game?
So if you remember, oh, I created one thing here, which is the basically.
Well, OK, I.
This is this is over parallel, which is basically Blair.
So if you look out this hour, this is 550, so assume that our location is 550.
The location is 550, expertly so on the panel.
But below that parallel, it started from for you.
Fifty five, sixty five sixty, then 570.
So what is the losing condition?
One condition is one goes downward, then that pedal, which is basically if you consider this as my
polling idea.
And this is my final.
If.
This is my ball and ball goes to downward this, so this is for you to stop consider as this is for
you.
16, if goes to downwards, it's 570.
So if one.
Like moving from this, this this and time will do that again, bouncing and moving downwards, then
this pattern, that's a losing condition.
So for that purpose, what I'm going to do, I'm not mentioning, I mentioned the winning coalition
winning conditional use only one, but no one need to mention when you lose the game, you basically
condition.
Again, more position.
What position, why now, why I'm not mentioning Expedition X is only horizontal position.
And there is no limit for horizontal horizontally in there two constraints.
One can move from that to England, but in a way it's not like that.
It should be a kind of formal position while.
Is greater than 520.
If ball position is greater than five, 70, you're going to lose the weight.
So each is basically in false condition.
You cannot play for the it's going to downward, so play false.
Again, each direction you need to mention is zero, because it shouldn't be zero, then why that action
shouldn't be again zero, which is basically normalizing the world position.
And I already mentioned so many engineers why?
By direction.
Then.
No, I need to mention game one word or something, so for that purpose, I need to again mention circular
methods.
So again, I'm telling you color is one of the sitting, and let me tell you what is the here?
So if you seen I created your paint, which is graphics method in our AWP and again and again, you
mentioned it as a graphics method.
So I'm calling that graphics methods, which default N.W.T. teams with color dot red.
Oh, I need to mention foreign family also, so all these allow me to copy this text again because I
already coded that part.
And Tony and.
I need to mention this rostering again, which is basically printing that string in that console, but
this time not one.
Which is basically game over.
And let me mention as like this.
And like this and for this xenophobia.
So this is for the game on what?
But while your gaming would you need to mention a sponsor, so now I'm what I'm going to do is I'm going
to mention score.
Game over.
In this only school, I think I'm going to mention Scoop.
And again, less.
So I guess I made mistakes not.
It basically or iPhone.
So when these things are done, you shouldn't be mentioned, I was caught and this which is basically
going to bring the school final score of the game on the team.
Again, you know, St. Cloud, which is basically commenting presented to us, they started looking.
So this is the same thing I'm going to call.
No, no, I need to dispose of these things, which is basically when gaming is not started.
It we capture that part our system will catch in that part of the game will catch some parts here.
So I don't want to work like that.
I need to dispose it.
Like, it should not be mentioned again and again, game over game one thing you won't because it seems
like a storage of memory.
So while working on the real platform games, you can see your statistics so they are not disclosing,
they are storing at all kind of events or storage, or they're creating other files, fix files to storage
your data.
But considering as a disk game what we need to mention when you mention that I'm going to store anything.
So for that purpose, I need to dispose it.
Otherwise it will give me errors for this course, or it will again and again would be meet the you
when you went.
Even how this is, total bricks are going to be zero, but it stores that in case you mean it will not
disappear.
So I need to mention as I dispose your own soul.
So this is done by for this white paint.
In a later part, I'm going to show you what is pristine, thinks I'm going to create key events, then
release the games.
Also, I need to mention of it some more things I'm going to create here, which is right and left things
and some ball position things because these are some complex things.
So these are just a drawing part.
We are done now.
We need to do the basic game logic, but it's going to work.
After that, we will create a map generator.
It's very simple random generator how we are going to place that generator map.
And one last thing is basically we are going to call it in the mean all these meters are calling in
the mean, so it will help to understand object oriented coding and programming.
Also, hope you understand.
Thank you.